O Jehovah, the God of Israel, sitting and thrown above the cherubes.
You alone are the true God of all the kingdoms of the earth.
Here, all the words as an acrifice sent to taunt the living God.
Kings of Assyria have devastated the nations in their lands.
But now, O Jehovah, our God,
please save us out of his hands so that all the kingdoms of the earth may know that you alone are God, O Jehovah.
You have come from Isaiah? Yes, my Lord.
He says, this is what Jehovah says about the king of Assyria.
The virgin daughter of Zion despises you.
She scoffs at you.
The daughter of Jerusalem shakes her head at you.
Whom have you taunted and blasphemed?
It is against the holy one of Israel.
Your rage against me and your roaring have reached my ears.
So I will put my hook in your nose
and my bridal between your lips
and I will lead you back the way you came.
Are you still sleeping?
As you command, he stood.
He stood.
Not a mark on them.
I was at my post, my Lord.
All of the night, my King, I swear it.
I heard nothing. I saw nothing.
What are we to do?
My Lord, who could have done this?